Standardize DSL code naming convention (#1521)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/empty-geckos-try.md

'@finos/legend-extension-dsl-text': major
---

> **BREAKING CHANGE:** Rename DSL Text plugins and presets to use prefix `DSL_Text` instead of `DSLText`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE:** Renamed plugins and presets to use the prefix `DSL_Text` instead of `DSLText`
```
